feat(dev-portal): Terraform v2 Portal migration (#2472)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/dev-portal/migrate-classic-dev-portal-resource-with-terraform.md

---
title: Migrate your classic Dev Portal (v2) Terraform resource
content_type: reference
layout: reference
products:
    - dev-portal
tags:
  - terraform
works_on:
    - konnect

search_aliases:
  - Dev Portal v2
  - classic Dev Portal
  - Portal

breadcrumbs:
  - /dev-portal/

description: "Learn how to migrate your classic Dev Portal (v2) `konnect_portal` Terraform resource to `konnect_portal_classic`."
related_resources:
  - text: API Products
    url: /api-products/
  - text: Migrate from classic Dev Portal (v2) to the new Dev Portal (v3)
    url: /dev-portal/v2-migration/
---

> If you use Terraform resources to manage your classic Dev Portal (v2), you must migrate your `konnect_portal` Terraform resource to the new `konnect_portal_classic`. This is a **breaking change** as the new Dev Portal (v3) will use the `konnect_portal` Terraform resource in the 3.x {{site.konnec_short_name}} Terraform provider release.

Author: If this wording is accurate, we can go ahead and publish

> If you use Terraform resources to manage your classic Dev Portal (v2), you must migrate your `konnect_portal` Terraform resource to the new `konnect_portal_classic`. This is a **breaking change** as the new Dev Portal (v3) will use the `konnect_portal` Terraform resource in the 3.x {{site.konnec_short_name}} Terraform provider release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{:.warning}
> **BREAKING CHANGE**: Version 3.x of the {{site.konnect_short_name}} Terraform provider deploys a v3 Portal using the `konnect_portal` resource. If you are using Portal v2 (classic), you need to migrate to the `konnect_portal_classic` resource in version 2.x of the Terraform provider before upgrading.
```
